XX. Justification of funding requested from the ARC
---------------------------------------------------

The ARC budget justification information must not exceed **4 A4 pages**.
The uploaded PDF must use the same headings as in the Description column in the budget. *Remove any headings that are not used.*

Personnel
---------

### Subheadings for each person / role

Fully justify each budget item requested in terms of need and cost. In
justifying the budget, it is not sufficient to claim certain equipment
or personnel costs as \$X. Rather, the budget justification should
state, for example, that a full-time research assistant or technician
with a specific level of expertise is required for 'x' months. The same
level of explanation is required for all items being requested.

Teaching Relief
---------------

Travel
------

Requests for funding to cover the costs of domestic and international
travel, including for reasons of fostering and strengthening
collaborations in Australia and overseas, must be justified in full.

Field Research
--------------

Equipment
---------

Justify any funding being requested for major items of equipment.
Requests for any major items of equipment are considered on merit. The
participant should plan to use existing equipment wherever possible. If
the participant is seeking funding for new equipment, describe how the
equipment will be used and provide details of the manufacturer,
supplier, cost and installation based on quotations obtained. Do not
supply the quotations. For expensive pieces of equipment, the
participant must justify the importance of the equipment to the research
proposed and demonstrate that access to such equipment housed elsewhere
is not practical. The Administering Organisation would be expected to
contribute part of the funding required for expensive items of
equipment.

Maintenance
-----------

Other
-----

